gnp_w_loop_wo_leakage - WO: Converged Rate: 0, Avg Converged iterations: -nan
gnp_w_loop_wo_leakage - W: Converged Rate: 1, Avg Converged iterations: 539.7
gnp_w_loop_w_leakage - WO: Converged Rate: 0, Avg Converged iterations: -nan
gnp_w_loop_w_leakage - W: Converged Rate: 0.51, Avg Converged iterations: 590.196
gnp_wo_loop_wo_leakage - WO: Converged Rate: 0, Avg Converged iterations: -nan
gnp_wo_loop_wo_leakage - W: Converged Rate: 1, Avg Converged iterations: 622.2
gnp_wo_loop_w_leakage - WO: Converged Rate: 0, Avg Converged iterations: -nan
gnp_wo_loop_w_leakage - W: Converged Rate: 0.53, Avg Converged iterations: 645.283
gnpLoc_w_loop_wo_leakage - WO: Converged Rate: 0, Avg Converged iterations: -nan
gnpLoc_w_loop_wo_leakage - W: Converged Rate: 0.92, Avg Converged iterations: 473.696
gnpLoc_w_loop_w_leakage - WO: Converged Rate: 0, Avg Converged iterations: -nan
gnpLoc_w_loop_w_leakage - W: Converged Rate: 0.06, Avg Converged iterations: 830
gnpLoc_wo_loop_wo_leakage - WO: Converged Rate: 0.15, Avg Converged iterations: 111.333
gnpLoc_wo_loop_wo_leakage - W: Converged Rate: 0.92, Avg Converged iterations: 453.261
gnpLoc_wo_loop_w_leakage - WO: Converged Rate: 0.06, Avg Converged iterations: 163.333
gnpLoc_wo_loop_w_leakage - W: Converged Rate: 0.2, Avg Converged iterations: 526.5
grid_wo_loop_wo_leakage - WO: Converged Rate: 0, Avg Converged iterations: -nan
grid_wo_loop_wo_leakage - W: Converged Rate: 0.21, Avg Converged iterations: 825.714
grid_wo_loop_w_leakage - WO: Converged Rate: 0, Avg Converged iterations: -nan
grid_wo_loop_w_leakage - W: Converged Rate: 0, Avg Converged iterations: -nan

gnp_w_loop_wo_leakage - WO: Converged Rate: 0, Avg Converged iterations: -nan
gnp_w_loop_wo_leakage - W: Converged Rate: 0.06, Avg Converged iterations: 788.333

gnp_w_loop_w_leakage - WO: Converged Rate: 0, Avg Converged iterations: -nan
gnp_w_loop_w_leakage - W: Converged Rate: 0.03, Avg Converged iterations: 796.667

gnp_wo_loop_wo_leakage - WO: Converged Rate: 0, Avg Converged iterations: -nan
gnp_wo_loop_wo_leakage - W: Converged Rate: 0.07, Avg Converged iterations: 744.286

gnp_wo_loop_w_leakage - WO: Converged Rate: 0, Avg Converged iterations: -nan
gnp_wo_loop_w_leakage - W: Converged Rate: 0.04, Avg Converged iterations: 592.5

gnpLoc_w_loop_wo_leakage - WO: Converged Rate: 0, Avg Converged iterations: -nan
gnpLoc_w_loop_wo_leakage - W: Converged Rate: 0.17, Avg Converged iterations: 700.588

gnpLoc_w_loop_w_leakage - WO: Converged Rate: 0, Avg Converged iterations: -nan
gnpLoc_w_loop_w_leakage - W: Converged Rate: 0, Avg Converged iterations: -nan

gnpLoc_wo_loop_wo_leakage - WO: Converged Rate: 0.15, Avg Converged iterations: 110.667
gnpLoc_wo_loop_wo_leakage - W: Converged Rate: 0.3, Avg Converged iterations: 350.667

gnpLoc_wo_loop_w_leakage - WO: Converged Rate: 0.06, Avg Converged iterations: 161.667
gnpLoc_wo_loop_w_leakage - W: Converged Rate: 0.07, Avg Converged iterations: 311.429

grid_wo_loop_wo_leakage - WO: Converged Rate: 0, Avg Converged iterations: -nan
grid_wo_loop_wo_leakage - W: Converged Rate: 0, Avg Converged iterations: -nan

grid_wo_loop_w_leakage - WO: Converged Rate: 0, Avg Converged iterations: -nan
grid_wo_loop_w_leakage - W: Converged Rate: 0, Avg Converged iterations: -nan
